Sdk refactoring (#113)
paraswap/paraswap-sdk: README.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://paraswap.io">
    <img src="https://cdn.paraswap.io/brand/paraswap.png" width="400px" >
  </a>
</p>

> # Accompanion SDK of the ParaSwap API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Companion SDK for the ParaSwap API
```
or maybe less is even more...
```suggestion
# SDK for the ParaSwap API
```

Refer to the documentation of the ParaSwap API: https://developers.paraswap.network

## Features
**Versatility**: works with both [web3](https://www.npmjs.com/package/web3) and [ethers](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ethers) without direct dependency

> **Canonicity**: bring only the functions you actually need

Reviewer: I would just say 
```suggestion
**Canonical**: bring only the functions you actually need
```

> **Lightweight**: 400B Gzipped for the most minimalistic variant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Lightweight**: 400B Gzipped for the minimal variant
```

## Installing ParaSwap SDK

```bash
yarn add @paraswap/sdk
```

## Using ParaSwap SDK

### Import the necessary functions
```typescript
import { constructSDK, constructAxiosFetcher, constructEthersContractCaller } from '@paraswap/sdk';
```
### Construct the ParaSwap object

```typescript
const signer = ethers.Wallet.fromMnmemonic('__your_mnemonic__') // or any other signer/provider 
const account = '__signer_address__'

const contractCaller = constructEthersContractCaller({
  providerOrSigner: signer,
  Contract: ethers.Contract,
}, account); // alternatively constructWeb3ContractCaller
const fetcher = constructAxiosFetcher(axios); // alternatively constructFetchFetcher

const paraswap = constructSDK({
  network: 1,
  fetcher,
  contractCaller,
});
```

> ### To approve ParaSwap contracts to swap a ERC20 token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### To approve ParaSwap contracts to swap an ERC20 token
```

```typescript
const txHash = await paraSwap.approveToken(amount, tokenAddress);
```

### To get the rate of a token pair

```typescript
const srcToken = '0xeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee'; // ETH

> const destToken = '0xcAfE001067cDEF266AfB7Eb5A286dCFD277f3dE5'; // PSP

Reviewer: :muscle:

Author: 🐂

### To build a transaction

```typescript
const srcToken = '0xeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee';
const srcDecimals = 18
const srcAmount = '1000000000000000000'; // The source amount multiplied by its decimals
const destToken = '0xcAfE001067cDEF266AfB7Eb5A286dCFD277f3dE5';
const destDecimals = 18
const destAmount = priceRoute.destAmount // price route being output of paraSwap.getRate()
const senderAddress = '__sender_address__'; // mandatory
const receiver = '__receiver_address__'; // optional: for swap and transfer
const partnerAddress = '__fee_receiver_address__' // optional: for permission-less monetization
const partnerFeeBps = 50 // optional: fee in base point, for permission-less monetization

const txParams = await paraSwap.buildTx(
  {
    srcAmount,
    srcToken,
    srcDecimals,
    destAmount,
    destToken,
    destDecimals,
    priceRoute,
    senderAddress,
    receiver,
    partnerAddress,
    partnerFeeBps,
  }
);

const transactionResponse = await signer.sendTransaction(txParams);
const transactionReceipt = await transactionResponse.wait();
```

## Playground

> Interact with the ParaSwap SDK in CodeSandbox playground [here](https://codesandbox.io/s/gallant-flower-7yuker?file=/src/App.tsx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interact with the ParaSwap SDK in a CodeSandbox playground [here](https://codesandbox.io/s/gallant-flower-7yuker?file=/src/App.tsx)
```

## Bundle Optimization

> For bundle-size savvy developers, you can construct a lightweight version of this sdk to bring only the functions you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For bundle-size savvy developers, you can construct a lightweight version of the SDK and bring only the functions you need.
```

> For e.g. for fetching rate and allowance only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g. for only getting rates and allowances
```
"For example" and "e.g." are synonymous, so best to use only one.

```typescript
import { constructPartialSDK, constructFetchFetcher, constructGetRate, constructGetAllowance } from '@paraswap/sdk';

const fetcher = constructFetchFetcher(window.fetch)

const minParaSwap = constructPartialSDK({
  network: 1,
  fetcher,
}, constructGetRate, constructGetAllowance)

const priceRoute = await minParaSwap.getRate(params)
const allowance = await minParaSwap.getAllowance(userAddress, tokenAddress);
```

## Legacy

> The ParaSwap class is exposed with some effort on backward compatibility with previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `ParaSwap` class is exposed for backwards compatibility with previous versions of the SDK.
```

```typescript
import { ParaSwap } from '@paraswap/sdk'
import axios from 'axios'
import Web3 from 'web3'

const web3Provider = new Web3(window.ethereum)
const account = '__user_address__'

const paraswap = new ParaSwap(
  1, 
  undefined, 
  web3Provider, 
  undefined, 
  account, 
  axios
)

```

> By analogy to ```constructPartialSDK```, you can leverage a lightweight version of the sdk for fetching only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which corresponds to ```constructPartialSDK``` in the SDK's current version to leverage a lightweight version for fetching only.
```

Author: That's not exactly what I meant here. In the example above, we show how to use the ParaSwap class like before (with web3, axios). In this second example we show we can use the ParaSwap with 0 heavy dependancy which is sort of analogous to ```constructPartialSDK``` (with less bundle weight overhead though)
